Add Backup / Restore docs (#2072)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/administration-guide/partials/proc_managing-backups-through-cli.adoc

.Prerequisites

include::partial$snip_internal-backup-server-warning.adoc[]

* xref:setup-backup-server.adoc[Set up a backup server].

* xref:configuring-cli-to-use-backup-server.adoc[Configure {prod-cli} to use the backup server]

.Procedure

 * xref:cli-create-new-backup[]
 * xref:cli-restore-from-backup[]

[id="cli-create-new-backup"]
== Create a new backup

. Create a backup and send it to the pre-configured backup server:
+
[source,shell,subs="+quotes,+attributes"]
----
$ {prod-cli} server:backup --repository-url=__<repository-url>__  --repository-password=__<repository-password>__
----

* It is possible to create other backups to the same backup server using the `server:backup` command with no arguments.
* After using the`server:backup` command with no arguments for the first time installation of {prod-short}, an internal backup server is configured and used.

[id="cli-restore-from-backup"]
== Restore from a backup

. Recover the previous state of {prod-short}:
+
[source,shell,subs="+quotes,+attributes"]
----
$ {prod-cli} server:restore --repository-url=__<repository-url>__ --repository-password=__<repository-password>__
----

> * The `server:restore` command can be run with no arguments when the backup server was ever used before.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `server:restore` command can be run with no arguments when the backup server was used before.
```

> [id="managing-backups-through-cli_{context}"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[id="managing-backups-using-{prod-cli}"]
```

> = Managing backups through {prod-cli}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Managing backups using {prod-cli}
```

This section describes how to create backups of {prod-short} installation and do recovery using {prod-cli}.

.Prerequisites

include::partial$snip_internal-backup-server-warning.adoc[]

* xref:setup-backup-server.adoc[Set up a backup server].

* xref:configuring-cli-to-use-backup-server.adoc[Configure {prod-cli} to use the backup server]

.Procedure

 * xref:cli-create-new-backup[]
 * xref:cli-restore-from-backup[]

> [id="cli-create-new-backup"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[id="cli-creating-a-new-backup"]
```

> == Create a new backup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Creating a new backup
```

> To create a backup and send it to preconfigured backup server run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a backup and send it to the preconfigured backup server, run:
```

[source,shell,subs="+quotes,+attributes"]
----

> $ {prod-cli} server:backup -r backup-server-url -p repository-password

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ {prod-cli} server:backup -r _backup-server-url_ -p _repository-password_
```

----

[NOTE]
====
Next backups to the same backup server may be created by using `server:backup` command without any arguments.
====

[NOTE]
====

> If run `server:backup` command without any arguments for the installation of {prod-short} for the first time, internal backup server will be setup and used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you run the `server:backup` command without any arguments for the installation of {prod-short} for the first time, an internal backup server is set up and used.
```

====

> [id="cli-restore-from-backup"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[id="cli-restoring-from-backup"]
```

> == Restore from a backup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Restoring from a backup
```

> To recover previous state of {prod-short} run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To recover the previous state of {prod-short}, run:
```

[source,shell,subs="+quotes,+attributes"]
----

> $ {prod-cli} server:restore -r backup-server-url -p repository-password

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ {prod-cli} server:restore -r _backup-server-url_ -p _repository-password_
```

----

[NOTE]
====

> If a backup server was used before, `server:restore` may be run without any arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a backup server was used before, the `server:restore` command can be run without any arguments.
```

====

> To recover from a specific snapshot, provide its ID through `-s` option:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To recover from a specific snapshot, provide its ID using the `-s` option:
```

[source,shell,subs="+quotes,+attributes"]
----

> $ {prod-cli} server:restore -s snapshot-id

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ {prod-cli} server:restore -s _snapshot-id_
```
